HPE Alletra storage driver (part 3) (#16445)
canonical/lxd: doc/reference/storage_alletra.md

LXD expects HPE Alletra to be pre-configured with a specific service (e.g. iSCSI) on network interfaces whose address is provided during storage pool configuration.
Furthermore, LXD assumes that it has full control over the HPE Alletra volume sets it manages.
Therefore, you should never maintain any volumes in HPE Alletra volume sets that are not owned by LXD because LXD might disconnect or even delete them.

This driver behaves differently than some of the other drivers in that it provides remote storage.
As a result, and depending on the internal network, storage access might be a bit slower compared to local storage.
On the other hand, using remote storage has significant advantages in a cluster setup: all cluster members have access to the same storage pools with the exact same contents, without the need to synchronize them.

When creating a new storage pool using the `alletra` driver, LXD automatically discovers the array's qualified name and target address.
Upon successful discovery, LXD attaches all volumes that are connected to the HPE Alletra host that is associated with a specific LXD server.

> HPE Alletra hosts and volume connections (vLUNs) are fully managed by LXD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HPE Alletra hosts and volume connections ({abbr}`vLUNs (virtual Logical Unit Numbers)`) are fully managed by LXD.
```

For example, a UUID `5a2504b0-6a6c-4849-8ee7-ddb0b674fd14` is first trimmed of any hyphens (`-`), resulting in the string `5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14`.
To distinguish volume types and snapshots, special identifiers are prepended and appended to the volume names, as depicted in the table below:

Type            | Identifier   | Example
:--             | :---         | :----------
Container       | `c-`         | `c-5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14`
Virtual machine | `v-`         | `v-5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14-b` (block volume) and `v-5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14` (file system volume)
Image (ISO)     | `i-`         | `i-5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14-i`
Custom volume   | `u-`         | `u-5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14` (file system volume) and `u-5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14-b` (block volume)
Snapshot        | `s`          | `sc-5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14` (container snapshot), `sv-5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14-b` (VM snapshot) and `su-5a2504b06a6c48498ee7ddb0b674fd14` (custom volume snapshot)

(storage-alletra-limitations)=
### Limitations

The `alletra` driver has the following limitations:

Volume size constraints

> : Minimum volume size (quota) is `256MiB` and must be a multiple of `256MiB`. If the requested size does not meet these conditions, LXD automatically rounds it up to the nearest valid value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The minimum volume size (quota) is `256MiB` and must be a multiple of `256MiB`. If the requested size does not meet these conditions, LXD automatically rounds it up to the nearest valid value.
```

> Sharing the HPE Alletra storage pool between multiple LXD installations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sharing an HPE Alletra storage pool between multiple LXD installations
```

> : Sharing a HPE Alletra array between multiple LXD installations is possible provided that installations use distinct storage pool names. Storage pools are implemented as Volume sets on the array and volume set names have to be unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Sharing an HPE Alletra array among multiple LXD installations is possible, provided that the installations use distinct storage pool names. Storage pools are implemented as volume sets on the array, and volume set names must be unique.
```

Recovering HPE Alletra storage pools
: Recovery of HPE Alletra storage pools using `lxd recover` is currently not supported.

> ## Configuration options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(storage-alletra-options)=
## Configuration options
```
